diagnostic.md, before:

# Ember Components Diagnostic

Record your responses inside the fenced code blocks below each question.

1.  Give an example of a visual hierarchy that could be modeled with components.

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  What is the command to generate a new component called '`my-map`'?

    ```sh
    # your response here
    ```

1.  What files are edited to produce a component, and what are their
    responsibilities?

    ```md
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

1.  Suppose you have a component '`my-contact`', which is loaded from
    '`app/contacts/template.hbs`' when visiting the `/contacts` path. What is
    the syntax for loading this component inside that template?

    ```html
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

    Each contact has multiple phone numbers. Suppose you also have '`my-phone`'
    nested under '`my-contact`'. What is the code you would write in
    '`app/components/my-contact/template.hbs`' to load the nested component and
    pass it data?

    ```html
    <!-- your response here -->
    ```

Commit message:

Completed diagnostic
Answered all ember-component questions

diagnostic.md, after:

# Ember Components Diagnostic

Record your responses inside the fenced code blocks below each question.

1.  Give an example of a visual hierarchy that could be modeled with components.

    ```md
  A to do list with the boxes around the components.
    ```

1.  What is the command to generate a new component called '`my-map`'?

    ```sh
    ember g component my-map
    ```

1.  What files are edited to produce a component, and what are their
    responsibilities?

    ```md
    The router specifies which feature to get the model from, which is then passed
    to its own route and is formatted via the template. The template is responsible
    for loading the component and specifying the syntax with which to pass down the
    information to the component about the model.
    ```

1.  Suppose you have a component '`my-contact`', which is loaded from
    '`app/contacts/template.hbs`' when visiting the `/contacts` path. What is
    the syntax for loading this component inside that template?

    ```html
    {{#each model as |contact|}}
      {{my-contact contact=contact}}
    {{/each}}
    ```

    Each contact has multiple phone numbers. Suppose you also have '`my-phone`'
    nested under '`my-contact`'. What is the code you would write in
    '`app/components/my-contact/template.hbs`' to load the nested component and
    pass it data?

    ```html
  {{#each contact.numbers as |number|}}
   {{my-contacts/number number=number}}
  {{/each}}
    ```
